all right take an empty tire rim to rim
as I know a lot of people have been
having a bit of trouble with it the
first dish to make sure you've got the
tire broken off the beat will fall down
an edge so that it ends up like so we
fold it down under its own the pressure
avatar there right part so you gonna get
get a gap there in the tire seat alright
and the edge of the tire the edge of the
rim goes within the tire alright and
find that quite easy from there put some
pressure on the outside edge and it'll
pop through the outside pull it out as
far as you can put push it down on the
edge of the bead of the tire here and on
the room and roll it out easy that's one
okay the Front's pretty much the same
front fish getting broken mounting them
mounting them there's pretty much the
exact opposite so use a use some sort of
tired i er um look not blue but
something like that these have already
been done so to get them in it's the
wrong all the side of the rumen and it's
the same is the same to get the room
through hold it down hold it down so
that it's
stuck down like that so you can might
have to crush the side wall a little bit
thumb into the hollow that you've just
created but your thumb into the hollow
you've just created and then pressure on
the outside side walls and then you come
fronts are the same create that hollow
lift the lifted room into the gap left
by the hollow and push it through fronts
gonna be a little bit tricky to get off
here that same principle applies you
wait on the outside edge of the rim and
your weight goes on to the sidewall of
the tire roll it through easy putting
them on gone through
if you have to they get a bit sticky you
can push through like so and then create
the hollow put your thumb in the hollow
your hand in the room and then just push
it around done thats how you mount in g
tires